TL improvement (#526)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_005.txt

//rそう言って鷹野は、ぽむぽむ、と沙都子の頭を優しく撫でる。沙都子も『むぅ…』と少し拗ねたようにむずがりながら、気持ちがいいのかなすがままに任せていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう言って鷹野は、ぽむぽむ、と沙都子の頭を優しく撫でる。沙都子も『むぅ…』と少し拗ねたようにむずがりながら、気持ちがいいのかなすがままに任せていた。",

> 			NULL, "Takano gently stroked Satoko's head after saying that. Satoko uttered a faintly sulking \"Muu...\" but didn't fight it thanks to her comforts.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Takano gently stroked Satoko's head after saying that. Satoko uttered a faintly sulking \"Muu...\" but she might've actually liked it because she didn't fight it.", Line_Normal);
```

//r…入り込む隙間がない。入りたくもないけど。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…入り込む隙間がない。入りたくもないけど。",

> 			NULL, "...There was no opening to interrupt. And I didn't want to step forward either, though.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...There was no opening to interrupt. But I didn't want to step forward either.", Line_Normal);
```

//r私たちはとりあえず、特撮ヒーローのようにポーズを決め天に向かって咆哮する入江を生温かく見守りながら、さっさと自分の予定を済ませることにした。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私たちはとりあえず、特撮ヒーローのようにポーズを決め天に向かって咆哮する入江を生温かく見守りながら、さっさと自分の予定を済ませることにした。",

> 			NULL, "For the time being, we decided to move quickly to meet our schedule, and watched Irie as he made some heroic pose yelling and looking up toward the sky.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "For the time being, we decided to move quickly to meet our schedule, and watched Irie as he made some heroic pose, yelling and looking up toward the sky.", Line_Normal);
```

//r徒手空拳の今の私では、良くて相打ち。いずれにしても、自分が殺される日につながる地獄の時計の針を早めるだけだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "徒手空拳の今の私では、良くて相打ち。いずれにしても、自分が殺される日につながる地獄の時計の針を早めるだけだった。",

> 			NULL, "Since I'm unarmed, I could make us take each other down at best. At any rate, I'd just be speeding up the hands on the clock of Hell approaching the day of my death.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Since I'm unarmed, at best we'd take each other out. At any rate, I'd just be speeding up the hands on the clock of Hell approaching the day of my death.", Line_Normal);
```

//r顔を戻すと、いつの間にこっちの世界に戻ってきたのか、入江は心配そうな表情で私を見つめていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "顔を戻すと、いつの間にこっちの世界に戻ってきたのか、入江は心配そうな表情で私を見つめていた。",

> 			NULL, "It seemed Irie had finally returned to this world before I turned back, and I found him staring at me with an anxious expression.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It seemed Irie had finally returned to this world before I turned back, as I found him staring at me with an anxious expression.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそう呟きながら、私は少なくとも一度も経験した記憶がない、『圭一が委員長になった』この世界に思いを馳せた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう呟きながら、私は少なくとも一度も経験した記憶がない、『圭一が委員長になった』この世界に思いを馳せた。",

> 			NULL, "Whispering that to myself, I thought back this world that I never experienced and where \"Keiichi became the class rep.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Whispering that to myself, I thought back on this world unlike anything I'd experienced before and where \"Keiichi became the class rep.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r今、私が存在しているこの時間は、羽入の不在からはじまった。…それだけでも私には大いなる未知の体験なのだが、それにも加えてこの世界は、今までとは人間関係が微妙に変化していた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "今、私が存在しているこの時間は、羽入の不在からはじまった。…それだけでも私には大いなる未知の体験なのだが、それにも加えてこの世界は、今までとは人間関係が微妙に変化していた。",

> 			NULL, "It was the absence of Hanyuu that I realized for the first time since I noticed this world. ...That alone was enough to make it feel like a completely unprecedented experience, but on top of that, the human relations in this world have changed slightly compared to before.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "This world I'm in now began with Hanyuu's absence. ...That alone was enough to make it feel like a completely unprecedented experience, but on top of that, the human relations in this world have changed slightly compared to before.", Line_Normal);
```

//rその結果、私にもたらされたもの。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その結果、私にもたらされたもの。",

> 			NULL, "And what brought me here was", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And the result that brought me was...", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r…それは、敵と目標が明確になった反面、それらに対してどう立ち向かうかを自分自身で考え、選んで、そして失敗は許されないという、かなり分の悪い一発勝負だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…それは、敵と目標が明確になった反面、それらに対してどう立ち向かうかを自分自身で考え、選んで、そして失敗は許されないという、かなり分の悪い一発勝負だった。",

> 			NULL, "...that even though the objective and the enemy have been made clear, the fact that this is a cruel game where not even a single failure is allowed has forced me to think carefully about how best to confront them.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...That even though the objective and the enemy have been made clear, the fact that this is a cruel game where not even a single failure is allowed has forced me to think carefully about how best to confront them.", Line_Normal);
```
